hi and welcome to the gate lady in a
tomb we're going to be doing a TV review
today and we'll be looking at tour of
duty a tour of duty was a TV show
I think was made in the late 80s Early
90s dealing with the Vietnam conflict
sets in the late 60s it tells a story of
or mainly from the point of view of Zeke
Anderson and Sergeant Zeke Anderson is
there kind of grizzled Vietnam vet who's
whose whole life essentially been in the
war and the first episode essentially
deal was with him recruiting a bunch of
new new guys into his platoon to join us
of a few remaining veterans that he has
there and it's essentially their story
further words how they then this
individuals is bond and and then there's
the trials and tribulations that they
all go through now being made for TV
it's never going to be putting in
regards to the sort of the language and
the some of the violence but for a TV
show said especially at the time it was
made as well we begin to have like
things HBO knocking other sort of things
they do these days I actually think it
is pretty good yes he probably doesn't
show the horrors of war as to this they
really were but for it for a TV show
based on you know when it came out I
actually think it did a pretty good job
and apparently listening to the sort of
the the interviews and because of the
documentation that the the creator said
apparently a lot of Vietnam vets
actually responded to it very well
saying its ear is very very realistic
now the central cast are really I have
to say are already likable you've got a
diverse bunch of characters there you've
got with you the Sailor sergeant who's
could this grizzled vet now he's he's
very charismatic and I had I had to say
I think he comes across like a lot of
his lines Arab lives I got a side the
way he delivers them and it just sounds
very very natural I have to say I mean
he hasn't he hasn't a lot else that the
guy
plays him Terrence Knox I think the
actor's name is but I in this role he
absolutely owns it it really really good
and he's joined joined by a new
lieutenant kind of Goldman who's up
straight out military's guns a
wet-behind-the-ears and initially this
of relationships quite rocky burst the
series goes on they develop into real
you know real good friends of every sort
of mutual admiration for each other now
the Restless that the the troops are
there's there's like a veteran who's
been with the sergeant for some time
Johnson and then you've got a guy called
Taylor who I think is he knew one I
don't actually remember now and he's
like a good bit of a bit of a hustler
you know bit less over I think it was a
criminal who got drafted he booked so
got a porch awaking Geico breweries who
essentially has the m60 machine gun
who's kind of a bit short temper than a
bit no bit male thing that's a thing but
he's kind of a good guy good guy at
heart
you've got Horne who is a sort of
anti-war protester that again got
drafted into the war he did any in the
first season I believe but he's pretty
good and there's a guy called Purcell
who is kind of a pro war he's a
volunteers and you know a bit bit of a
sort of a blue-eyed American boy and I
think a guide will Baker who is kind of
a bit of a dumb sort of surfer dude
who's leaning pretty big and then those
that I think he's a Japanese medic and
then there's also a catch and a captain
is all but he's managed so much so
that's essentially the main space give
you an idea of the cast this this the
stories are more wings which does not
love
overreaching plot that there are things
that are carried over episode through
episode with the generally the sort the
stores are kind more self-contained that
you can click so you can pick them up
and watch them in any order the first
series I would argue is the best out of
three of them will go on to the other
- series in other reviews but to be fair
if you can kind of get past the age of
the butters and a lot of them aren't
watching the older TV shows I've got to
say this is one of the most enjoyable TV
shows I've watched and I had to give the
season one and on that time